Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Happy Friday and good morning. Let's get
to your top stories today. Asian stocks
join a global equity market rally as a
cooling labor market in the US and tame
inflation numbers reinforce expectations
for a Fed rate cut next week.
>> It's all about Chinese stocks, though
seeing further momentum as investors
continue to pile into AI linked
companies. Alibaba's AI advances,
including a new model, may fuel more
gains. And also ahead here in shows,
China said to be considering asking
state lenders and policy banks to help
local governments settle these unpaid
bills estimated at over $1 trillion. and
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessett
reportedly set to meet with Chinese Vice
Premier Hiong next week to discuss trade
and national security.
Welcome to the show and good morning and
happy Friday. Michael Jordan's birthday
2021 Feb 17 of course for fans of the
greatest of all time that was the last
time Asian stocks were at about these
levels a little bit more 410 of 1% give
or take I just looked at my screens
right now takes us to a fresh record as
far as Asian stocks go all that being
said it's been a fantastic time to be an
equity market investor eight straight
days right now global equity markets and
of course the latest foray here has
really come in the form of AI and of
course conversations around how low can
the Fed go index is coming online 1% to
the upside. In fact, within these two
markets coming up on your screens, SKH
Highix, you have TSMC, some of the other
chip plays. We'll talk about this in a
moment with Bell, but as you can see
that AI rallies continuing uh uh this
Friday as we go into the weekend. The
other thing we want to talk about too is
on on the macro front, right? So, you
have the dollar quite a substantial drop
overnight. We're back below the 1,200
level. I think 1193 and 97 and change
right now. And we're certainly fully
priced as far as the Fed goes in for
next week. The question is we're almost
fully priced in fact for three cuts. Do
we get to three cuts though? Uh given
that it is a day-to-day uh meeting to
meeting conversation right now. We'll
talk about ECB in a moment. Of course,
some changes to their inflation outlook
26 27 and of course the big story though
has been separately in parallel but
related to what we're seeing across
global equity markets is this 3% pop uh
in equity markets. Alibaba BU that's a
separate conversation on AI according to
the information coming up bottom of your
screens and of course going into the
open today A50 futures and a 1.8% 8%
handle on a 10-year yield, right? Yields
are pushing higher. Equity markets are
pushing higher. Swaps are actually
indicating some early signs of reflation
coming along. I'll show you the chart
later on as well. But yes, stars things
signs are coalesing and want for really
this equity market rally to continue.
>> I was want you as we were reading the
headlines at the start of the show,
every single thing it's quite rare was a
tailwind for this equity market, right?
You talk about Alibaba AI models. You
talk about inflation in the US which
basically was higher but not spiraling
out of control. And then you have the
whole support system from what we're
hearing from our Bloomberg sources of
support for local governments in China.
That certainly is the reason why we are
seeing plenty of tailwinds uh to
continue and to really end the week on a
pretty strong note here as well. Toss
your agenda here today. Take a look at
what is still to come. Yes, the stock
rally southbound flows continue to be
the strong sort of momentum behind that
as well. We're watching levels like 3883
for your Shanghai composite as well.
Sectors, it's still the AI trade. It's
still the biotech. We we get very
granular within the AI trade. Now, when
it comes to some of these homegrown
tech, we we'll dive into some of these
names uh coming up here as well. BU,
Alibaba, there's a there's a source base
sort of story from the information
talking about they're both going to be
working on their own sort of AI chips,
the like here. PopMart. Yeah, they're
talking about
>> the secondary market things are looking
a little bit less, I guess. signish
maybe signs of this bull this
speculative mania might be coming to an
end here fizzling out a little bit and
yeah we're still waiting for credit data
out of China as well but yeah I mean it
just keeps on going the story when it
comes to Alibaba every day you know when
you had a fears of oh are they tapping
into the market to to get funds
>> is that going to be a concern but then
again you have an 8% pop in the 80s it's
like ah nothing to worry about
>> no no not not not for now in fact we
were just talking about this before the
show started right so in terms of market
cap Alibaba has now just again surpassed
ICBC and that was really the changing of
the guard a few years ago when this
value dividend play became very popular.
Now Alibaba is back in focus of course
BU is of course another name that we're
talking about there. We haven't actually
talked about this as well at length. So
next week encouraging signs on the trade
front. Tik Tok of course if we
understand from uh from our friends uh I
think at Reuters who have reported that
I think uh Secretary Bessant is is set
to meet. you're seeing amongst the US
and China, you know, side of things that
there is still this goodwill to keep
working and talking until at least we
get
>> a leader summit between Xiinping at
least bad news
>> and President Trump, right? And I think
everyone's counting down to the end of
the of the year whether it's APE or the
like that maybe this this might happen.
So at least that's another sort of good
positive factor here in this equity
market that those those trade talks are
continuing on as well.
>> Yeah, I mean I'm I'm midepptember that
could happen in six weeks, right? end
October, early November is the timeline
for that conversation and separately as
we were just talking about there, right?
So no nasty surprises coming through out
of the inflation report uh in the US in
and you know on top of that as well
initial jobless claims jumping to the
highest in in four years. So that really
underscores perhaps the need really for
the Fed to move next week and the
question is now 25 or or do we get even
50? Anyway, let's talk about the big
rally story across these equity markets.
Alibaba, the latest iteration here uh in
the in really what has really been many
many chapters in the Alibaba story this
week. Uh let's bring in Annabelle, our
tech correspondent to take us through
really what we're talking about here.
Yes. So let's start things off with
Alibaba because there's there other big
stocks to name as well across.
>> Yeah, I think it's such an interesting
story. I mean yesterday, for instance,
we had that concern around Alibaba this
coupon issuance essentially or zero
coupon bond issuance for the market
three more than $3 billion. would that
be something that would cause a rotation
away from Alibaba into other names? But
actually, it's been the complete
opposite effect. And and it seems like
investors are really liking that
longerterm business. And the company
said, "We're going to go all in on AI."
And that's what investors are really
taking out of that. So, you can see that
that huge jump that we had in ADRs, for
instance, closing at highs we haven't
seen since 2021 for the company. It's
not just around that story, the AI
story. I think it's also how it's
playing out. So for instance, we've seen
the company just in the last few hours
saying that they've got a new uh QN
model coming onto the market. They're
saying that's going to be more
efficient, do more with less.
Essentially, it's going to be 80 billion
parameters. Only a fraction of those
will be activated when it's actually in
use. And so again, I mean, it's just
another positive sign, but a very
frenetic pace of development from the
company as well. And then as you had the
information reporting that Alibaba and
BU are starting to use their own
in-house AI chips, you're not really
talking about supplanting Nvidia.
They're still going to be using Nvidia's
products if available, but it is just
sort of showing that they've they've got
their own capabilities and they're
growing them as well.
>> Um, tell us talk us through those chip
stocks and what's going I mean SKH
announcing the development of HBM4. What
does that tell us?
>> This is this is significant. So, so HBM4
is is the next iteration. I mean, we had
HBM 3, HBM 3, now we're moving to HBM4.
you're sort of changing the the the
underlying architecture of of the chip
and it's just having that next
generation of computing power. So again,
they're saying that they're going to
have a higher bandwidth and they're also
going to be more power efficient to the
tune of around 40%. But HBM4, the
company's now saying that they can
manufacture this. They've completed the
development and they can start to also
roll out at scale. And so they're just
it's that push. You know, SKH Highex has
just continued to be ahead of Samsung in
this race around HBM, ahead of Micron as
well and and you're seeing that today
reflected.
>> Yeah. I mean, the stocks almost near
vertical re recently. Bill, other uh
stories around AI recently, in fact,
this morning I think we've heard from I
think Nvidia and OpenAI. What can you
tell us about just this? This is there's
sort of two different OpenAI stories
today, but but the first one that we had
is that OpenAI and Microsoft have signed
anou to essentially uh look at the
structure of the business. I mean, one
of the big issues for OpenAI has been
their for their nonfor-profit structure
and that was causing issues internally
and some were wanting to be more of a
forprofit. Essentially with thisou, it's
it's an agreement that they're going to
be creating a corporation, a public
benefit corporation within OpenAI, a
public benefit corporation or a PBC. You
have sort of you can make money, but
then you've got to use that money to do
good as well. But the point is OpenAI is
going to be putting money into that and
maybe that amount of money they're
putting in could expand from here. So
that's one story. The other story for
OpenAI which I think is significant as
well as we heard from sources that
OpenAI and Nvidia could be looking at a
major UK data center investment next
week when we've got a a contingent of
executives that could be traveling to
the UK alongside Donald Trump. President
Donald Trump, I think that's also
important to note because you're seeing
that big rally today in in memory chip
names across the board and that is
because you do have not just AI chips
that are needed for data centers, you
have other non-AI chips that are needed
as well. And you are seeing a big run up
in names like Kioxia for instance even
Samsung's higher today uh and that is
also because of that demand and just to
note Micron we had the analyst upgrade
from city from 150 to 175 but part of
that also comes down to the demand that
Micron is seeing for chips that are used
for data centers as well.
>> There's a lot to unpack there but all
seems like it's positive news right now
for this market. Annabelle Jeweler is
there our Asia tech correspondent with
the latest. And for terminal
subscribers, you can hear more about
China's recent worldbeating stock market
rally. There's going to be a live Q&A
that starts in just about what, 20
minutes time, 9:30 Hong Kong time, 9:30
p.m. if you're joining out of New York.
You can also ask our reporters your
market questions as traders watch for
signs of overheating in this rally.
>> Yeah. Um and and perhaps even that even
furthers that conversation around the
rally is how low can the Fed go and
might that actually also be a tailwind?
In fact, just on that latter story, the
Fed cut these bets in focus. Numora
joins us to talk us through the data and
really how low we can get so far as the
Fed funds rate is concerned. Uh coming
down to the open of trade, the final
session of the week, just under 20
minutes away, the opening bell,
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and in a beautiful
Friday morning here in Hong Kong. You're
watching the China Show.
futures pointing pretty positively here
this morning. You take a look at how
things are looking and really the
Alibaba story continues for another day
here as well just given what we saw from
the ADRs overnight. So certainly that is
lifting uh everything here and yeah
everyone keeps talking about this
everything rally you know because you
know the Fed is probably we'll see looks
like the bets are more likely that
they're going to cut next week.
>> Yeah. And the the interesting there part
there is the the likely dissenting votes
will likely be in favor of a larger cut.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So you know h how deep can they
go? And on yeah just on the tailwinds
we're seeing across these equity
markets. Right. So, in about 6 minutes,
we're going to get the pre-markets
coming online here in Hong Kong. And I
suspect I suspect that at that point, in
about five minutes time, we will likely
be and that could change, of course,
likely be at a record high. Wait for
that on the MA Asia Pacific. Right now,
on the tailwinds across not no nasty
inflation prints so far, weak jobs
numbers in the US, initial jobless
claims. The curve is on the left side of
your screens. Uh we're steeper on the
fives and 30s today. I believe for the
first time in about 5 days or so. Really
what that means for Fed policy and what
the market is telling us where the Fed
rates will be. I guess it's a question
there.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in Andrew Tyhurst,
senior economist and race strategist. No
more. He joins us from Sydney here this
morning. Andrew, it's always great to
have you. So I mean now that we got
inflation out of the way, you know, is
this basically just going to be a slam
dunk for the Fed to cut next week.
>> Yeah, good morning. Uh look, we think 25
basis points is pretty much job done. So
very high probability uh of that. Uh the
inflation data last night was
interesting. I thought it was a little
bit tricky. So we had a higher reading
on the core PC on the core CPI number,
but when our economists track that
through to core PCE, they've got that
printing at 0.2. So that's a modest sort
of number. So yeah, 25 basis points from
the Fed. Uh I think the language will be
very measured though. Uh no sense of
panic. uh that they certainly won't be
suggesting the economy is tipping over
and we think this will come across more
of as an insurance type rate cut.
>> Andrew David here I want to ask you also
what all these revisions mean in the
labor markets that you know we've seen
the last few weeks or so and I wonder
markets are trying to figure out what
the delta is on this change particularly
on the labor front. What's your sense of
how quickly things are getting to the
you know to the to the bad side of
things I if any here?
>> Yep. Sure. So look we did see 911,000
uh downward revision 911k uh on the jobs
numbers. They were the 12 months up to
uh March April this year. Uh the more
recent trend has been a little softer.
So they certainly portray a picture of
less growth momentum in the labor
market. uh and the market is very towy
about this on the signs uh for that the
economy and the labor market might be
tipping over. We saw a a sharp spike uh
in TY lower uh bond yields when that
higher uh jobless claims printed last
night. Look, our our sense cutting
through all of this is that the US labor
market has lost some momentum. There is
some fragility out there certainly, but
when you look at the details, uh we're
not seeing large numbers of layoffs.
Pace of hiring has slowed, but pace of
firing has not picked up. And that's
what you really need, I think, if you
want to be a and say that the economy is
going to tip into recession. So far,
we're not seeing that. Our US economics
team have got moderate but positive
growth, something like 1% annualized
over the next couple of quarters.
Uh Andrew, we were talking about the
steepening trade. You given what we've
been seeing with Ray Bets, given this
concerns about Fed independence, it
seems like the, you know, it builds a
case for this trade to further, you
know, go on. Can it or is it too, you
know, is it been too much of a good
thing in in some ways ready that it's no
longer such a sure thing?
>> Yeah, look uh this is a good question
and and one of the biggest issues for
the bond market right now. uh look big
picture long-term I think there are a
lot of reasons for caution and a lot of
reasons to favor steepening. We can look
at cyclical uh versus structural type
issues. But on the structural side, high
budget deficits, high deficit levels,
political uncertainty, attacks on Fed
independence, there are multiple reasons
to think that curves can be can be
steep. Um but you know against that
markets don't always move one way and
those steepening trades have been very
popular. I think what we've seen over
the last week or two is with signs of
weaker US data and a lot of easing now
priced into the front end of the US
strip there just hasn't been a lot of
room for the US short end to really
rally. So I think we've seen some profit
taking and squaring up on steepeners
over the last week or so. So we have had
some quite notable flattening over the
last couple of days with that. But I
think that's more of a positioning and
cyclical story versus those longerterm
structural issues uh which I don't think
are going to go away.
>> How does that same conversation look but
in in Europe, Andrew? What do you make
of the fiscal concerns there?
>> Yeah, look uh Europe has very large uh
fiscal concerns. The spotlight of course
has been on France. I can't see uh an
easy way out there. either a new prime
minister tightens fiscal policy and
creates you know social uh instability
or a new prime minister does not uh and
so the community stays calm but
financial markets become unstable. It's
very difficult to see uh a long-term
issue a long-term solution out there. So
those those concerns are very real. Um I
would say the ECB have got creative
policies and backs stops to try and keep
things in order. But you know I I do
think that those structural tensions uh
are going to remain with us uh you know
for a long time to come.
>> Um Andrew, people have been talking or
waiting for this breakout to the upside
on on the euro. Uh perhaps when you look
at the commentary coming out of the ECB
overnight, it looks like they're done
and I think they're 2%.
Where do and I'm I'm going to ask you
about the Fed and that spread. Where do
you think the Fed will be relative to
the ECB? What's the bottom of the cycle
in the Fed relative to the 2% where the
ECB is currently?
>> Yep. So, we think the ECB is done at 2%.
Uh, a quick summary on Europe. We think
growth is somewhere near trend.
Inflation is pretty close to target and
and the policy rate, the depot rate over
there is pretty close to neutral. So,
that looks like a really nice set of
circumstances. So, we think the ECB is
done at 2%. We do have the Fed cutting
uh three times uh in our view,
September, December, and March at a
pretty measured pace. Uh that's actually
a little less than the market is
pricing. The market's got Fed funds
moving all the way down to about 3% or
so. We've got it stopping around about
360.
>> So, you know, so that suggests, you
know, a little bit of caution. Uh but I
guess, you know, for the euro, our path
would be higher. uh it's 50% a story of
you know stability and a little bit of
fiscal expansion within Europe and 50%
of the story is concerns about the US
dollar and the US macro backdrop.
>> Uh Andrew the BOJ also meets next week
uh you know around the same time the
Fed's going to cut potentially. I'm just
wondering I mean there's there's reports
saying that you know they can still hike
at the end of this year despite all the
political uncertainty there in Japan
right now. Do you agree? Can they
Yeah, busy time uh for central bankers
and central bank watchers, isn't it? Uh
look, we um we don't have the uh Bank of
Japan hiking until January. Uh we think
they're going to stay pretty cautious in
wait and watch mode. Uh I was looking at
my Bloomberg screens before I uh came in
and I see about eight basis points is
price for October, but we we don't think
they'll go uh this year. We think uh
they will rather wait to see wait to try
and understand impact of tariffs.
They've also got a lot of political
uncertainty as well there. So they're
not sure who the uh new LDP leader is
going to be and how that might tilt
things on the fiscal side. Uh and you
know there's a lot of uncertainty about
the US economy too. So we'll be watching
their views on all of those things but
pretty confident they they'll sit on
their hands for the next meeting or two
at least.
Andrew, the potential leadership changes
in Japan. What does it mean for fiscal
expansion, fiscal policy, and do you
think the markets priced fiscal
expansion in Japan?
>> Yeah. So, a couple of people have
already put their hands up and a couple
more we think will Kisumi and Takayichi
uh uh we think the most likely
contenders and the way the vote system
uh works. We think they will be at the
front. Uh I think as far as the market
is concerned uh the market's kind of
boiled it down to this. Takaichi favors
fiscal expansion and would probably be
more reluctant to see the BOJ hike
rates. So if Taikai prevails in the
leadership election on October 4, uh we
think you'd see dollar yen go higher. Uh
Kisumi is much more of a status quo sort
of candidate straight down the middle.
So maybe not too much reaction if that
is the outcome there.
>> Andrew, thank you so much. Have a great
weekend, sir. Andrew Tyer is there,
senior economist and rate strategist at
Numora. Going into the open today, under
seven minutes away, we're looking at
names like Aliba. Ah, check that out.
Happy Friday. We'll talk about this in a
moment. This is Bloomberg.
The good times keep coming for Alibaba.
Take a look at that in the pre-market.
We're up some 6% here right now. So,
there was of course that report of them
developing their own AI chips. They're
rolling out this new Quinn 3 next AI
model as well. So there you go. More
fodder for the stock and for all the
bulls out there here today and really
seeing a bit of a recovery after that
slight decline yesterday on the back of
that convertible bond that they just
issued as well. So there Bio as well is
doing very well. JD too up three and a
half%.
>> Yeah. Uh this let's look at PopMart
please uh on the back of some
information and let me let me borrow
this delicately
uh phrased term from our one of our
producers. lab bubble
on the back of some details that pricing
around the mini leubus might starting to
become off the highs. Obviously markets
seem undisturbed by that information.
We're still up 1% as far as that's
concerned. Uh Ever Grand Services,
that's one to watch today.
Um there we go. Quadruple 6 38%
uh to the upside. A lot to talk about
here as it pertains it's getting bids of
course from stateowned companies but of
course all things equal. It's a good day
to be in equity markets. It had been a
good week to be in equity markets. We
are nearing that record high here in the
Asia Pacific.
Welcome back. As they say, there is no
time like the present. And in a couple
of seconds, we'll be getting the opening
bell. And by the looks of things in the
pre-markets, it's going to be a good day
to be uh long these markets,
particularly the name that's come back
in a very big way. Names plural this
week. Alibaba, BU is also doing well.
JD.com among amongst this cohort Ivon of
uh names that have been have been
leading this rally yet again.
>> Yeah, but you know we have to talk about
new names as well, right? Cabom was
probably the first one a few weeks ago.
I've had to add a few more into my sort
of vocabulary here of just what
>> where part of the AI supply chain do
they they fall, right? And certainly
we're going to continue to watch those
because those some of them were up some
20% yesterday on the back of just the
Alibaba news and really kind of continue
to see this AI trade on fire here. We'll
see if we see another day of that as we
wrap up the trading week as well. But we
did see basically that CSI 300 saw some
of the biggest advances since mid-March
already yesterday. Right now we're
seeing something a little bit slower
though. But yes, still ending on the
positive side of things here for the
week. Uh but we're watching very closely
how some of these small chips and and
the chips uh you know stocks are doing
here in particular. But yes, the small
caps like the Starboard, like Chinx,
they were up some 5% yesterday here as
well. So, we are seeing a bit of a
pullback in Shenzhen here today as well.
And we're watching very closely what
goes on uh with of course some of these
chip names. We'll focus on a little bit
later on, but yes, Baniels aren't doing
too much. You do see a little bit
pullback in Shanghai crude here this
morning, but CL a shares are up about
8/10 of 1% as well. You flip the boards
and see the Hong Kong story here. Of
course, Alibaba, the tech space is once
again seeing plenty of green. Alibaba is
up. We're at 153 for that stock here
right now. Uh right now we're talking
about JD also doing some 4% gains here.
Uh with BYU, you know, they're they're
talking about according to the
information uh bringing up their own AI
chips, right? Or making their own and
that really is sending the stock up 6%
as well for BU and Alibaba. Uh and you
focus a little bit more on a little bit
more granular, right? I mean it was
interesting that note from Laura Wang
Morgan Stanley about the interest that
they're seeing from US investors and the
willingness to you know bring up their
exposure to China is the highest they've
seen since co basically right but it's
like names that maybe you haven't heard
of right you got to do your homework
when it comes to humanoid robots for
example you think about how these kind
of homegrown sort of giants or or at
least these winners are doing here right
camera is up what 1.6% 6% the little
Nvidia as some have called it. High
information tech this is the one that's
the AI chip designer in China as well.
This was up some 20% yesterday. We're
seeing another day of decent gains and
this is where we're seeing this is Epcto
Jones in a light. These are some of
these I think they're called optical
transceiver. I I I'm not going to go too
technical here but yes they were also
massively higher here. A bit of a
pullback here today. Everrand services
resuming trade. That's why we're seeing
that big pop in the pre-market as well.
But yes, the unit is getting bids from
some of these stateowned companies as
well. There you go. We're up 26% right
now, Dave.
>> Okay. Uh we're just getting some lines
coming through. This concerns this
speculated
um cash call coming out of really one of
the best performing stocks because gold
has been doing well. It's gold uh is
said to be
um I guess gasking around, engaging
interest here um for this three billion
um Hong Kong IPO, $3 billion IPO here in
Hong Kong from next week. On your
screens, 1.6% 6% to the upside. So I
guess underscores many things, right?
Gold alternatives, the current sentiment
in this market plus of course just the
confidence from uh the corner office to
tap these markets and raise you know
raise cash when you can is is I guess
the the the the philosophy there, right?
Uh we'll set that aside for now. Uh
we'll be looking at this rally even
further in a moment here. All right,
let's take a look though what at what's
trending and making headlines across
China's national media and certainly how
this is really being framed and covered
on shore. Securities Daily reporting
that the Asshare markets refinancing
boom uh citing data that shows companies
raised more than on that story in fact
quite timely 800 billion yuan or $112
billion so far this year. That's a 260%
surge from last year with most of the
funds flowing into areas like high-tech
and also manufacturing. Now experts are
expecting the PBOC to restart bond
trading in the fourth quarter after a
selloff sent yields to multi-month
highs. Analysts tell the security times
that weak sentiment may prompt the
central bank to step in and inject
long-term liquidity and then signal
stronger support for growth.
>> And Bloomberg has learned as well that
China is considering asking state
lenders to lend to local governments so
that they can pay unpaid bills owed to
the private sector and some estimates
put the amount of unpaid to around I was
around what$1 trillion dollars or so.
Let's bring in John Lee, our senior
executive editor. He joins us now from
Beijing. So, uh, this certainly did move
the market in some ways. John, tell us a
bit more about how they're going to do
this.
>> So, maybe I'll start with what the
problem is. Uh, with a lot of things in
China, it goes back to real estate.
Local governments used to get a lot of
their revenue from land sales with the
real estate crash that has dried up. And
so, all of these local governments ended
up owing lots of money to local
contractors, local suppliers that they
weren't able to pay. Some estimates have
put that at about 10 trillion UN. That's
more than that's about 1.4 billion US
dollars. And so what we understand now
is that the central government is
looking for ways to help these local
governments pay back these private
businesses. And the way that the central
government is thinking of doing that is
getting uh state lenders to lend these
local governments the money they need to
pay off those bills. And and this is
important and we know this is on
Beijing's mind because we've recently
had some previously un unpublic uh
non-public comments from Xi Jinping that
were publicized in August. They actually
from that meeting if you'll remember
back in February where Xi Jinping met
with Jack Ma with Xiaomi's Le Jun uh
with lots of entrepreneurs in Beijing
and we're learning just now that during
that uh meeting Xiinping actually talked
about the importance of getting local
governments to repay these bills because
without it it was undermining uh China's
trust in the government.
Uh John just to look at the other side
of the equation as far as the banks are
concerned there. Have there been any any
concerns around what happens then if
some of these advances then turn sour? I
just wonder what the banks are looking
at as far as their sort of credit risk
is concerned here. Then
>> I think it's really important to note
here that the government is not helping
the central government is not helping to
repay this money. uh the repayment is
still uh up to the local governments.
They're still responsible. But by uh
extending these loans, the central
government is actually moving the
payment risk. It it's currently with
these local suppliers and contractors
now. And by extending these loans, the
government would be moving that risk to
the banking sector. And so we have heard
from some bankers concerns about these
loans never at the end of the day never
being paid off by these local
governments and them wanting some
assurance from the central government
that that the banking sector that these
banks that are extending these loans are
not going to be uh left holding the bag
as it were. And so that's why there is
some uh nuance some uncertainty about
when some of this will happen and
actually if it will happen.
John, thank you so much. John Leo, our
senior executive editor in in Beijing
for us, underscoring this as really one
of the other reasons this market has
been rallying on top of many other
things that we've almost uh spoken at
length about in the last 30 minutes or
so. Uh joining us now here on set is
Evely, head of Greater China Equities at
UBS Global Wealth Management, Chief
Investment Office, who's probably had a
very busy week given the conference you
guys had and this rally that's
>> been taking place. So what kind of
questions are you getting now from
investors?
>> Uh obviously the obvious questions which
is how that given the oh sorry some of
the leading tech companies have gone up
a lot.
>> So whether this is still a time to go in
what's the upside should we expecting
what are the risks that uh we will be
facing if we sort of invested at like at
this moment
>> and how do you answer those questions?
>> Yeah.
Uh well I would quote what I learned
from the results season and I consider
the result season really as a positive
set of result which alleviate a few of
the client concerns. Uh first is on the
delivery app uh investment it's peaking
in third quarter according to one of the
management. Um second it's the AI
monetization. I think that is really
seen and reflected in the numbers uh on
both of the the leading companies. And
lastly, the US policy against you know
the diminish um you know exemption that
was stopped uh how does that impact to
that one individual company having US
exposure and that they already
diversified or diversifying the
localizations putting more supply chain
locally instead of shipping from China.
So I think that also helped. So these
made us you know sort of more confident
and positive in terms of the outlook
like in addition to the chips that they
have used like remember that was
starting April and May the US chip
supplier already stopped to China but
somehow um one of the companies AI capex
keep expanding. Yeah. So
>> and what were they buying? Yes. Yeah.
>> So what are they buying? They definitely
have been buying domestic chips and
domestic chips we all understand is it
still be able to deliver the inferencing
you know function training function
maybe you need the top end chips so I
think in a way when we sort of try to
understand the AI you know model what
you need you know sort of what sort of
recipe you need I think in a way tells
you that maybe we do have other sources
that will still deliver um the function
but definitely that part of it we still
relied on US chips but there a big part
of it we probably can diversify it
>> it's it's probably a good time to have a
look at who's actually buying into this
rally so we know southbond floors are
coming in so clearly there's a very big
there big flows coming through from the
mainland what's your understanding of
who the main buyers are then of this
equity market rally recently
>> um let me quote um who are the investors
at the IPO first half then you get a
picture in terms of raising Right.
Capital raising 70% actually from
international investor. Out of there 70
out of these investors majority of them
they are European as well as Middle
East.
>> These are the main guy that
>> these are the cornerstone ones.
>> Uh yeah the one that we know right uh
and of course apart from that there are
some local US investors. Um uh at least
in first half is not apparent in terms
of the investment. We I heard what you
said earlier and I think you know that
could be coming given that
when we look at the world in terms of AI
development we basically understand that
US and China they are you know start
monetizing the AI um you know story or
function and I think in a way US is
trading at 28 times for PEL
>> China is trading at 17 times this
valuation gap um would make people
thinking about hey maybe if do I have
enough exposure onto the China AI um you
know companies I think that would drive
you know not necessarily I sell US and
buy China but probably if I were to
increase exposure to this AI big global
AI story probably China would still be
remain attractive. Well, I mean the
valuation gap I guess is partly because
the earnings simply are look more
visible in the US and do you think do
you have enough information to make that
sort of conclusion that there's enough
there that the earnings are starting to
become visible uh in China as far as AI
is concerned and how they're monetizing
it to your earlier point. Well, I think
in fact uh as I quote that that leading
gaming part of companies, they clearly
said that now advertising they have a
20% year-on-year growth in second
quarter while the national retail sales
only 6% growth. So that gap tells you
that people willing to pay for AI
advertising even though the business
were not great. Um second it's on gaming
development. They basically said now
they can rely on the domestic tra gaming
development because they can use AI and
then I think overall the another
e-commerce product also seeing something
similar. So AI monetizations to us to
China is not just cloud computing I
think it's actual application which is
actually what they talk about the second
stage of AI development.
>> This week it's all been about these
Chinese tech companies trying to tap the
market to raise funds. Yes.
>> How should I interpret that? I mean,
does it just goes to show they still
need a lot of cash to fight this
competition that is continue to bruise
whether it's the AI story or even just,
you know, food delivery, right? That you
mentioned how some things are peaking
when it comes to margins or at least the
competition, but I still think that they
still need a lot of cash to dig their
heels into multiple sorts of fronts.
Now,
>> well, I think um it's always a case, you
know, for running a company. I think you
know obviously capital market is very
willing to give you this funding to
support your business. Obviously I
should cap on it and then remember
during the down times they do buy back
>> they do actually very notable buyback.
So in a way as a shareholders uh not not
me not myself but for shareholders they
should be very happy that you know the
company actively you know working on
that and return to shareholders when
times uh is right and then on the other
hand whether they really put this
investment onto uh food delivery app I
don't think so I think it's a matter of
on a the broader AI development um yeah
>> okay Okay, Eva, we have more with Eva
there, head of Greater China Equities at
UBS Global Wealth Management, chief
investment office. Yeah, it continues to
be a good news story when it comes to
yes, the AI trade in China and Alibaba
continues to be the one that is on fire
here today. There you go. We're up 6%
for the stock. BU as well, JD, Tencent,
all rallying here. And we're watching
homegrown tech, right? We talk about the
likes of Capricorn. Um, there you go.
The ones that I haven't heard of really
dawning information, Giga Device,
semiconductor, range intelligence. Time
for you guys to
>> hire today.
>> Read up on some of these names. I'm
guessing plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Yeah, we talked a lot in I mean it's
getting a bit tiring now about this
whole AI theme. Been out of position
around it here right now all week. Still
with us is Eve Lee, head of Greater
China Equities at UBS Global Wealth
Management, Chief Investment Office.
Yeah. Uh we talked about AI. I mean,
what other sectors are going to do well
in this market? So,
>> um in fact, we have already seen uh some
of the sectors that deliver good yields
um that have done well. I remember when
I pushed financial it was 9% dividend
yield like no one believed in that but
now it's six so imagine how much share
price have gone up yeah to deliver that
so I think that remains the case that
because we have seen insurance funds uh
first half 400 billion remb have been
put into equity it's not just that they
reallocate more of them insurance money
into equity it's just that they have
received more money
>> remember in the market that property no
longer the investment that people would
be going for. Apart from putting the
money into fixed deposit
>> which the fixed deposit rate can
continue to go down,
>> they actually have invested into
insurance and these insurance money some
of them they give you a guarantee return
like the last two years not now but two
years ago they used to give 2.5%
guarantee yield. So 10 year government
yields have been coming down. Now it's
only 1.7 1 8 2.5 versus 1.8. So there's
a gap. I need to find something else to
complement that. So that's why they have
been putting in into equity and in fact
CSRC encouraged them to do so. Um so
that's why there have been support onto
this sort of yield stocks utility telos
um uh energy you know that's where
financial that's where the yields um
stocks are you know coming from. Yeah,
the the the income place. Do you are are
we seeing any strong evidence that so we
you know we've talked about how there
may three main sources of
>> liquidity in this market rally right so
one is clearly as you point out
properties not the first choice right
now to put park your money second we
talked about savings household savings
how there's trillion sitting there and
of course the bond markets how much
flows are you actually seeing from fixed
income products
>> into the equity market in the onore
markets
>> well I think to quantify that it's very
tough because you you really from know
the source. Yeah.
>> But having said that I think
>> with I give you one more number. So this
400 billion of reallocation into equity
but as a percentage of total that stay
unchanged at 13%.
>> Okay.
>> So meaning that it's not that they are
allocate more as what I said they're
overrating. Yeah.
>> They they and they can invest more
>> because 13% is very low. Remember at the
beginning of the year CSRC advised the
insurance company for the new funding
30% 30 should be going into the equity
market or advised them to do that.
>> So we we do have some room for this sort
of movement of funds allocated to
equity.
>> What could derail this rally? I'm I'm
thinking about the back half.
>> There's still ongoing talks about
whether President Trump and she are
going to meet. you still have
deflationary pressures in this economy.
You out of all the things that you think
could be a risk, what would it be?
>> Uh Asia market in particular, we have
seen um you know sort of government sort
of talks and um talking to local
brokers. Are you over giving offering
over leverage for your investors? You
know that remember that was the key
thing in 2015
>> that trigger this correction. But
obviously we are not at that stage at
all. Um second it's capital raising. We
have almost no capital raising in Asian
market. Super quiet unlike Hong Kong
right.
>> So if there is all of a sudden very
active capital raising that will also
trigger some form of correction. But I
think at the moment if like oh okay
liquidity rally where should I position?
We have been advising investors on
brokerage. brokerage actually hasn't
gone up that much somehow.
>> Um,
>> strangely. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Hardware attack um and also
insurance. These are the sectors that we
think it will benefit from this sort of
liquidity uh rich rally.
>> You make a good point. I wonder I wonder
why
the fundraising environment outside Hong
Kong has been so quiet despite the fact
that we're actually very near a record
now on Asia Pacific. Why do you think
that does that is that does that
indicate uh the outlook? doesn't look
too good for these corporates to
>> capital.
>> It's just the approval side.
>> Okay.
>> Rather than Yeah. rather than the the
the companies obviously they are very
willing but I think that's why I said um
you know that could changed.
>> Okay.
>> I don't think it will be influx of
cavity raising but we have very much no
capital raising and obviously that's is
not healthy for the market.
>> Um other two sectors we haven't talked
about biotech
>> and consumption new consumption. How
should I be looking at those two?
>> Um, we have seen some news on the
healthcare sector uh yesterday and that
actually triggered some correction and
interestingly when I look at the flow
yesterday in particular yesterday we
have seen the southbound flow coming in
to the popular stocks that we could
think of of this sort of biotech area.
So you you know that when international
investor a little bit worry about the
restriction from US side
>> I think the domestic investors see it
differently. So that actually um lifts
or or or narrow down the correction
yesterday but I think biotech it's a big
range and I would still prefer the CXO
that they do you know sort of our
licensing in terms of um new consumption
again it's all about valuation there's
one company that they have been actively
expanding into the US and their market
share at the moment in US is very little
and I think there is still a room for
them to do well in terms of earnings.
But again, it's all about, you know,
earnings evaluation.
>> I think we're all smiling because we
kind of know.
>> I know we can't you can't say it, but I
think we all know
>> which company even was talking.
>> I mean, just look at look at social
media. I think you probably figure that
out. Hey, we you'll probably see on the
back of this break uh shortly. Evely,
thank you so much. Have a great weekend
ahead. Head of Greater China Equities at
UBS Global We Management Investment
Office. Okay. Um terminal subscribers,
by the way, ongoing right now. So you
have any concerns, any questions, any
queries or anything to add in fact to
this market rally right now taking place
live Q&A with our team. Uh you can also
ask by the way our reporters there the
questions but yeah uh do join of course
the conversation
right welcome back. Uh just a quick
glance across the sectors and parts of
this equity market that are moving quite
substantially. It's actually quite
difficult to pick because almost
everything is on the way up. uh
particularly here in Hong Kong where
we're better by 1.4%
first 25 minutes of the session. Plenty
more ahead.
Welcome back to the Chado Show. Here's a
look at the hang sang just a half hour
in the session and it is looking pretty
sunny skies out there. Yeah, 1.4% 4% to
the upside for that and of course uh I
think Alibaba I mean the whole tech
trade AI trade continues for another day
here as well with Baba uh overnight
announcing this sort of new AI model
Quinn we'll talk a little bit more about
that there but certainly that is lifting
you know and continue to add more to
this whole everything rally in the back
of that US inflation print which did
look relatively speaking pretty tame
overnight Dave
>> yeah no nasty surprises there so that
does seem to to be going according to
script in fact maybe the the additional
uh boost that markets might get was if
the Fed you know moved 50 or if they
didn't move 50 maybe guidance that maybe
or you know acknowledgement that the the
labor market might be moving uh to the
downside. Now I think the other thing
that we are talking about as well is
really this this this chip rally that
we're getting outside separately from
you know that the Chinese AI story which
is really also giving that entire sector
and I'm guessing there's a mechanical
flows coming through here as people come
into these ETFs and then that then goes
into liquidity and the equity market
rally because you're seeing just this
broad broad cohort of chip makers across
the region uh really rallying quite
substantially. Anyway, I'm stealing a
bit of the thunder there but we'll get
to that in a moment. Right, let's take a
step back. Right, where are we? What's
the macro picture looking like? Hen,
China is at the top of your screens. uh
we talked about how this rising yield
environment in China might be indicating
some flows are coming through or coming
out of the fixed income space into the
equity market and we're calling this
early reflation science in the Chinese
markets because when you look at a
one-year spread on swaps it's actually
now back to almost timely enough we're
we're almost one year almost a one-year
anniversary of that PBOC briefing
September 23 I believe of last year 9:00
a.m. was when you know things really
really uh kicked off and you really see
that as far as the equity market chart
is concerned point number one right now
where are we on the earning story that's
the key question right so we've had
multiple expansion when do earnings
start to come in and bring that ratio
back down so equity market still a
different benchmark uh let's get it up
guys if we have do you have that please
thank you so much no not this one um
anyway we'll talk about this later. What
is this anyway? Lower yields will follow
the US dollar, lower anyway. Okay, live
TV. We'll talk about this later. Um, but
yeah. Anyway, Ivman, save me.
>> Yeah, we'll we'll we'll we'll fix this.
Yeah, please. I feel so vulnerable.
>> Watching you just struggle on live TV.
All right, let's talk about this. Let's
don't cover our faces. Take a look how
there continue to see a lot going on
there. 6% upside there for BU as well.
Uh there was this report from the
information talking about both of these
companies looking to develop their own
AI chips. So that's really sending a bit
more fuel into this AI trade as well.
JD.com, Tencent, we just had Eva Lee
from UBS you know saying when it comes
to these you know food delivery
subsidies they feel we've reached a peak
uh there. So maybe that's signs that you
know there's still a lot of you know
stories around the tech space that you
can still look for opportunities here
right now. In terms of chip stocks,
yeah, talk about the little homegrown
little kind of champions, right? Cabon
certainly. Oh, there you go. We're up at
4% right now. But we're also watching
the overall chip space in Asia. SK
Heinix coming through announcing this
development of HBM4 that is lifting that
stock here. We're up 7% for SK.
>> Okay, let's get back to the our top
story today, Alibaba, and bring in our
tech correspondent, Annal Jewelers, of
course, to help us understand what's
going on here this week here, Bill.
>> Well, I mean, it's been a very strong
week for Alibaba. I think they really
tested the market appetite for the stock
was their uh debt issuance. We saw the
zero coupon bonds $3.2 billion being
raised for their AI efforts and and that
was a real test for market sentiment and
market appetite for the stock. But it
really does seem like investors like it.
They also like the overall story. They
like the investments the company's
making in AI even if I mean you can also
point out that they've got a really high
capex but they're yet to really see that
ROI. But the ROI is growing, I guess,
even if it's a far cry off how much
they're actually putting into the
technology. But in terms of the actual
updates, I mean, you mentioned, for
instance, we've got that new Quen model,
for instance. Uh we've got them also
information reporting that they're
looking at using in-house chips. So,
they're continuing to build out their
own capabilities, but it certainly just
does show that sort of pace of of AI is
is very frenetic at the company as well,
and they're very very focused on it as
well. uh HBM4 from ISK honey said that
they're completing development. When can
we expect mass production then?
>> Yeah. Well, they're actually saying that
they're readying mass output now. I
mean, they've already started some early
shipments of the 12 layer HBM4, but
essentially just to make that
distinction, I mean, previously we've
been at mass output of HBM 3E, which was
sort of the intermediary between HBM 3
and HBM4. But HBM4 essentially it has
more bandwidth. It's also more power
efficient as well. And so the company is
really opening up that lead once again
between Samsung, Micron when it comes to
HBM. It's a critical technology that's
used for AI chips. And so again, you're
seeing that reflected in the stock
price. I mean, it's been a huge run just
year to date. But today, I mean, you're
seeing some big gains as well.
>> Yeah. And setting the Cosby to another
record. Um, Open AI, there's some
stories going there. You know, what
what's kind of significant to you?
>> I mean, there's two sort of Open AI
stories. On the one hand, today you had
this um announcement of anou with
Microsoft to to create a a a public
benefit corporation within OpenAI. So a
public benefit corporation essentially
it can make profit, but it needs to also
have ESG goals as well of how they plan
to use those profits or at least run
alongside the business. That's one story
and it's sort of been an interesting one
because we've continued to track sort of
the tension within the business around
making money being a nonprofit as well
even though the company says they're
going to keep that non-for-profit
structure ultimately. Uh the other story
which I think is more significant
probably for markets is what we just had
in the last hour or so which is uh open
AI and and also Nvidia possibly this is
according to sources but traveling to
the UK next week alongside President
Trump other US executives but
essentially looking at making a major
investment into data centers in the UK
we know this is the kind of investment
that the UK wants to see but I think in
terms of the markets I mean we're really
seeing a big runup in some of the memory
chip names SanDisk for instance
Microsoft you had that profit target
upgrade from city for instance overnight
and that was also off the demand for
data center chips but you are seeing not
just AI chips in demand but it's also
the legacy chips memory chips that are
also essential for data center projects
as well
thank you so much Annabelle jewelers
there on the latest tech front goes okay
as promised and apologies for that uh
other graphic which was actually quite
relevant I just got my head around that
one and of course yielded the dollar
story which is of course the macro
conversation that we've we've had Okay,
so where is the earning story? Because
the valuations Chinese equity market
rally are actually now trading because
of the rally at one standard deviation
above the historical mean on MCI China,
right? So at some point earnings have to
come through and bring bring this back
down.
>> Yeah. So yeah, and at some point Yeah,
we we'll see if the money keeps flowing
out of CGBs, for example.
>> Well, we we've been tracking, right,
this sort relatively speaking, it's not
like a meltup, but in China maybe it is
kind of a meltup.
>> Yeah, relatively. Yeah. um you know we
saw I think this week some of these bond
yields in the curve uh did head to like
2025 highs as well right there's there's
a lot of anticipation of maybe anti-
evvolution may kind of ease the pressure
and deflationary you know inflation and
all that and and you know really when it
comes to uh US in well we're I thought
you were talking about CGBs right
because investors are really once again
warming up to Chinese bonds after a
>> yeah not this one
>> they're to multi
steps ahead
>> Ira so Um she's with us here right now.
Okay, let's talk about CGB.
>> Yeah.
>> Um first of all, tell us a bit more
about the recent selloff and what has
triggered it.
>> Thank you for having me uh Ivan and
David. Um so um first thing uh is the uh
investors rotation into the stock
markets uh because as we know that the
stock market has been performing uh very
well this year. Um uh that's hurting
investors demand um to the safe havens.
And the second reason is that uh because
Beijing has rolled out this
anti-involution campaigns that's hurting
people's uh expectation for uh future
inflation uh in China and we already
seeing some signs of inflation improving
and there are some talks in the market
already saying that the PPI may uh
revert uh rise toward the positive
territory by the end of this year. Um so
that's uh challenging one of the uh
fundamental theory of the bond markets
that's um helping the bomb last year
that the China's deflation will continue
for years and then that will uh boost
the bond market.
>> Okay. Now we're looking at I think the
10-year yield is at 1.8 1.81%. What's
the outlook for the CGB market?
>> I think the market has been very
divergent. Um they're expecting a wide
range of 1.6 to 2.2%. Okay. Although the
2.2% 2% is for the next 12 months, but
1.6 is for by the end of this year. So,
Citic Securities yesterday um had this
note out saying that they expecting the
uh current bond selloffs are excessive
and they think uh China's economic is
still very fragile and then the bond
yields will continue to drop and I guess
um for uh especially some of the
financial institutions such as the
insurers they will have to increase
their durations because they need to uh
ensure that their investments are safe
enough. Um in terms of catalyst, what
are investors looking at right now to to
re-enter back into this bond market?
>> Um so one thing is that they are
assuming that the POC may resume the
bond buying very soon because for China
you still need the um to sell more bonds
to um help the economy. So currently the
bond yc
uh for the ministry of finance to issue
more bonds. Uh and then the second thing
is that they are looking for potential
reversal in the stock markets once the
stocks rally pause that may be a good
opportunity for bond investors to
re-enter the market.
>> Iris, thank you so much. Fantastic. Iris
Oyang there uh on the latest in the CGB
space. Coming up here in shows and we
just talked about bonds. We'll continue
the conversation around fixed income
with JP Morgan asset management. They
gives their Fed expectations what
strategies will work amidst this
environment of maybe lower rates but not
too low, maybe higher inflation but not
too high. They favor local rates in the
Asia Pacific. Julio will be outlining
his team's views coming through. This is
Bloomberg.
Okay. Uh let's have a glance at the
Treasury market. So, we're still waiting
and maybe at some point we'll get there.
4%
on the 10-year yield following the drop
we had overnight. And as you can see, we
were slightly reversing that at the
moment. And of course the the other
thing that stood out certainly this week
has been this flattening of the curve on
the fives and 30s today. Of course we're
slightly steeper on that as well, but I
think five or six days going into this
this morning, uh that was certainly the
case. We're coming off inflation numbers
coming through and we're also coming off
a fairly weak jobs print on the initial
jobless claims in the US.
>> At one point we had the US 10ear had a
3% handle on it um after that US
inflation print came through. So uh for
the most part I think it was it gave the
the almost all clear I think for the Fed
to cut next week just given that as Dave
mentioned you know we didn't see these
these numbers really spiraling out of
control. Let's bring in Julio Caligari
CIO of Asia Fixed Income at JP Morgan
Asset Management. Julio it's always
great to have you. Um you know is the is
everything rally that we're seeing has
really been underpinned by what people
think the Fed's going to do next week.
Stocks and bonds are both kind of rally
at the same time. Can that really
continue for some time you think?
Um thank you for having me. Uh yes I
think it can continue because you know
it's an environment it's this goldilocks
which is predicted on the idea that we
have a slowdown but the fed is kind of
preemptively making sure that this will
not go too far. So uh this is a very
benign backdrop if you think about you
know rates not being too weak uh while
financial conditions are easing because
of the Fed easing and other other
central banks will follow also easing
which tends to be supportive to risk
assets. So I think we can continue to
see that that for a while.
>> What's the assumption on global growth
you're making? How how how I I don't
want to use the word bad but how soft
and cool do things get? Well, I mean if
you put in perspective, US growth was
running let's say until last year close
to 3% and then we saw it slow down more
between two to uh uh two and a half
right now we probably go to one and a
half to two. So something that is
moderating okay but not meaningfully at
the same at the same time in which China
is the same right there is also
moderation uh uh that we are expecting
ahead including China but is not
something that would be too bad.
um h how should I look at you know this
the steepening sort of trade that we're
seeing
>> across treasuries here right now
>> we just had a guest say look there is
reason to kind of have caution to this
um because it has gone so well
>> right
>> where where to next on the steepening
trade
>> well that's true the steepening became a
very popular trait right because it's
also correlated to uh uh the receiver if
you want to you know be long rates you
can also use that as proxy. That's what
the market was doing. Uh and with all
this narrative about potential fiscal
deterioration
uh and what is happening with the Fed.
So it was sort of you know a way to to
put everything together in in a trade
that was the stiffening. We still think
you know that the curve has room to to
get steeper. Uh but what is happening
now is probably you know some squaring
of positions because you know it was
very crowded.
>> Yeah it was very steep.
>> Very steep. very crowded and and we are
seeing some adjustment but we still
think that as the Fed proceeds you know
with the cutting uh uh cycle we think
that the steepening bias will remain in
place. Something I noticed, I was
looking at the screens earlier before
you came on. You know, high yield has
done well this year. In the last month
or so, it's started to pull back a
little bit relative to rates, IG for
example. Why do you think that's the
case? Do you think that continues or
does high yield continue uh to give you
the best returns in this market?
>> Well, we think that spreads in the IG
space, I think the good quality names is
very tight, right? It can, you know, get
a bit tighter. Yes. because the scenario
is is okay and particularly in Asia
there is very limited supply right so we
restructurally so we could see a little
bit of further tightening in spread in
IG but the returns will be basically set
by the treasury market because the
spreads are already tight
>> the beauty that we think you know for
the high yield space is that uh one it
has of course more Jewish versus uh uh
the the treasury and two when we compare
particularly in Asia the high yield
market versus the developed market we
still see you know like more than 1% you
know premium which we think that over
time will compress so that's why we have
a bias for the you know high yield
market in Asia
>> and also local rates here in the region
um tell us more the rationale behind
that and what assumptions are you making
on the dollar too on that front
>> right we think that one of the key
hurdles for you know people to hedge
uh uh their exposures back to the local
currency is the fact that US has been a
high yodder right um but again our
assumption is that the fed will be
cutting rates let's say every quart
every meeting uh for the next meetings
um and then finally the cost of hedging
is going to be reduced so we think
that's the key element in which we have
the combination of one the scenario that
I mentioned before that the global
economy is not too bad. It's just
slowing
>> and the Fed is easing and reducing the
cost of hedging and we have this massive
amount of investment from Asia into US
that we we think it's unhedged.
>> So that's why we think there is a very
clear bias for the dollar to get weaker
over time as we go into year end and
next year. So that's that's why we like
so much the local uh uh uh bonds because
you will capture you know the weakening
dollar point.1 and the fact that the
central banks many central banks in the
region will be cutting and you can have
lower yields. So we have the capital
gains related to the dollar weakness and
related to lower lower yields.
>> I think we we touched on this before.
It's it's always very scary when it's as
clearcut as that. And I wonder is there
a tail risk that you're looking out for
as well? And the reason I bring that up
as well is on the local rates front, are
you are you concerned at all with some
of the the disruptions we're seeing in
places like Indonesia for example?
>> Right. Well, we think that it deserves
you know to be cautious particularly if
you buy very longdated bonds uh because
you know there is always the risk that
the market will ask for more premium.
Okay. But the way we see it is that
particularly you know in the short end
the central banks will anchor the
process anyway. So you are relatively
safe there.
>> Um and you're right I mean we always
should be cautious about the dollar. We
we have seen abs and flows before but
truth is that you know the local market
has been the star year to date right is
by far outperforming you know the dollar
exposures.
>> Yeah. And we think that this is only the
beginning because again uh Asian
investors they are really unhedged you
know has been you know this allocation
into dollar for so long for so many
years that once you start the process I
think this could continue for some time.
Uh we were just talking to a reporter
about the CGB market, right, where
there's a bit of a reflation trade, a
bit of one, uh you could say. Does that
mean lean more interest in in really
getting back into this market in some
ways or how are you viewing it?
>> Yeah, we think that it's becoming more
attractive. Uh we are more neutral in
the CGB space at this point. uh because
we think that it would not be you know a
surprise to see more allocation into
China equities taking into account that
the base is so low
>> right and Chinese households has have
been accumulating deposits and fixed
income but not equity exposures
>> so in that sense we think that this
could continue and in this sense would
be a hurdle for rates to to go down but
again our baseline scenario is for China
to slow down gradually. Uh and that's
why we think that you know we are not
going to have a lot of widening in CGP's
yields anyway which means that over time
this is going to be an opportunity.
>> Julio, thank you so much. It's nice to
see you have a great weekend ahead. I
think the weather's quite nice this week
and that's uh that's the forecast
anyway. Julia Khaligari there, CIO Asia
fixed income at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Right. So we're looking at
an equity market rally on your screens.
I was joking with Ivonne joking question
mark that I'm not going to get a haircut
until the hanging hits 29,000 which
could be disrupted but we'll see plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Some big stories that we're tracking for
you this morning. Former Brazilian
President Yaier Bolsinaro has been
sentenced to 27 years and three months
in prison. That's for plotting a coup
after his 2022 election defeat. And this
makes Bolsinaro the first former
president convicted of such a crime in
the country. His lawyers are expected to
appeal his sentence. The US has warned
it will react accordingly to what they
call a witch hunt. President Trump has
asked a federal appeals court to pause a
lower court decision blocking his ouster
of Fed Governor Lisa Cook. The request
for a stay order would likely allow the
firing to take effect before the appeal
is formally heard. The administration
wants a ruling by Monday, the day before
the Fed board starts meeting to vote
whether to cut interest rates. Now, the
request is denied. Trump is likely to go
to the Supreme Court. Blubber has
learned NATO is preparing a defensive
military measures after a Russian drone
incursion in Poland. A source says the
move is to strengthen deterrence across
the alliance's eastern flank. And they
say they will also be a political
response. Meanwhile, President Trump
says the breach could have been a
mistake and expressed his frustration
with the incident that has alarmed
Warsaw and other allies.
>> Could have been a mistake. Could have
been a mistake. But regardless, uh, I'm
not happy about anything having to do
with that whole situation, but hopefully
it's going to come to an end.
>> All right, let's just have a look at
these markets. About an hour into the
session here, so one and a half% to the
upside. The rally continues. We're
close, but not there just yet on the
records. As far as the Asia Pacific
benchmark is concerned, that trading uh
that level is specifically, if you're
curious, that's 2220
spot 64. So, a little bit of a nudge and
we'll get there. Anyway, be patient. Uh,
we have a more than a full uh half day
left. Uh, CSI 300 is also seeing some
upside 310 to 1%. I just had a look at
my screens. In fact, almost fittingly,
the Hang Sen, the Nicke, and the Cosby
index, the three benchmarks you see on
your screens are actually the three best
performing global benchmarks globally in
the last 5 weeks. The Cosby is ahead,
then the NIK is shortly behind, and of
course, where you are as far as the
Hangen index goes. Yeah. So there we go
on the Asia Pacific benchmark session
highs there and within this market of
course it's really this uh this this
this move into chips and semiconductors
and the stories around Micron was a
really big help. Oracle of course at the
start of the week and of course this
morning the story out of SKH Highix is
really pushing things forward there.
>> Yeah. So that stock was up and really
lifting the cost to a record as well.
Alibaba continues to see gains here
today. This is Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to the lunch break there.
And yeah, it looks to be a happy Friday
if you're along these markets, right? We
talk about Japan being one of the best
in terms of global, you know, equity
benchmarks out there in the world. This
week alone, we're up 710 of 1% for the
Nicay. topics is also up 14 points.
Dollarary yen is weakening uh here right
now. And of course uh we got through
some key bond auctions as well uh in
Japan. So there you go. And we're pretty
close to a record for MSEI Asia.
>> Yeah. Yeah. The scary thing about this
is there are no visible risks out there
that are being priced properly, right?
Whenever that seems to be the case, it's
Yeah. I mean, do you continue to sell V
and go long on the benchmarks or is it
now cheap enough to go start hedging? Uh
but then again of course we in a couple
of weeks time we're entering really one
of the best parts of seasonally at least
for the markets right going into the
year end and I guess it depends on what
the Fed says. Let's let's take one take
one week at a time. Okay the BOJ's next
week I just want to note and how they
frame that within the chip space. This
is really that's come alive in a very
big way. Whether that's markets in
Taiwan, markets in Japan, you have this
really long list. SK Heinix is one of
course in Korea. The chip space has
really come back in a very big way this
week. And as you can see just today,
some of the gains there and a lot of
this is also down to that SKH store that
we talked about earlier on uh with Bill.
What does it mean on a benchmark basis?
Put everything together. 220 largely
speaking is the level we're tracking on
the Asia MCI Asia Pacific. were software
and use futures but as you can see like
most as far as market breath is
concerned this is really a good one as
far as positive breath is concerned
across this market Ivon
>> yeah and if you want more good news
we're hearing that there's more US China
trade talks that are going to be
resuming in terms of uh next week in
Spain where Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessid is set to meet with his Chinese
counterpart Hong for more let's bring in
our chief correspondent Stephen Engel on
what what do we expect
>> yeah I mean it's good news obviously I
mean they've met in Geneva they've met
in London Then now they're going to meet
in Spain. Uh so it's a good development
obviously at pretty much the highest
level aside from of course a meeting
between she and Trump which possibly
could happen uh next month around the
time of APE. But I'm getting ahead of
myself. Uh they're going to meet next
week. Uh we've gotten Treasury
Department uh officials confirming that
and essentially they're going to talk
trade no doubt. Uh they're going to talk
about according to the readout national
security issues. They're going to talk
about Tik Tok even that uh you know
stalled deal or wherever we stand on Tik
Tok right now. Uh also you know money
laundering issues. So there's a whole
host of possibilities uh that could come
between these two individuals. Uh but
you know it's it's a really good sign. I
mean I think Scott Besson and Hulong are
are have a good rapport. Huli Fong is a
man with a ready smile unlike maybe
Wongi who's a you know a little bit more
dow looking and more poker face a career
diplomat obviously Hulong I think uh is
has been a good face for China in these
negotiations for the two sides with vast
differences uh to come together
>> yeah on the tariff front something
that's reemerged this week is
>> Mexico
>> Mexico and China right so you know we
know what Mexico is planning China's
responded with a very sharply worded
warning what's the latest there
>> well yeah I think it's very clear what
China is uh drawing uh from and they're
basically saying uh you're being
pressured by the United States uh to add
these tariffs uh because of what the US
is doing. The US wants its trading
partners like the EU and others to also
put tariffs on to the Chinese. Uh and
Claudia Shinbomb uh of course has had
her difficulties with Trump as far as
their uh crossber issues whether it's
fentanyl or trade but she's made this
proposal of upwards of 50% on Chinese
goods into the Mexican economy uh not
just with Chinese but also other mostly
Asian economies that do not have a
direct trade agreement with Mexico. uh
you know some 1,400 categories of goods
including EVs, including auto parts uh
and and steel even. And it's interesting
because if you saw in the first half
trade flows this number this this year,
uh Mexico surpassed Russia as the number
one export destination of Chinese EVs.
And Claudia Shinbomb and her economy
minister who's heading up the trade
negotiations uh globally is basically
saying this is making distortions in the
local economy. So Shine Bomb has clearly
said that this proposal, which is no
guarantee that it's going to be passed,
is basically in response to the
distortions and protecting her domestic
economy, not pressure from Donald Trump.
Well, coincidentally or not
coincidentally, guess what's happening
simultaneously is ongoing negotiations
between the US side and the Mexican side
on their uh trade issues. So uh the
Chinese, they're not mincing words. They
they mentioned the United States
specifically and they mentioned
bullying. Again, bring up the full
screen quote. This is from the Ministry
of Commerce in addition to what they
said is they urged utmost caution by the
Mexicans and think twice before doing
this. and they said
when tariff abuses by the United States
have triggered widespread opposition
across the globe, any unilateral tariff
move by Mexico, even if taken within the
WTO framework, would be regarded as an
act of appeasement and compromise
towards unilateral bullying. But again,
as you know, Bloomberg economics column
piece today mentioned, China has to walk
carefully on this one because other
nations are watching this development
very closely because they too have been
flooded with cheaper Chinese imports.
How do they respond? And I think they're
going to take a page from how the
Mexicans handle this.
>> Yep. Well, something another reason
certainly to follow this story even
closer. Steve, thank you so much.
Stephen Angel, our chief North Asia uh
correspondent. We're about an hour and 5
minutes into the cash market session. 1
and a half% and I'm now looking at a
10th day of inflows across a stock
connect today. Yeah, some more buying is
coming through. Plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
Right. Um, my script says check shares
of Hyundai.
Uh, but there's nothing happening. I
guess that's part of the story. Uh, in
an interview Oh, there we go. Thank you
so much. Live TV in
>> They're listening.
>> In an interview with Bloomberg News,
Hyundai CEO Jose Munoz revealed that the
construction and of course this is the
big story here, right? Uh, on the
Hyundai Motor LG battery plant in
Georgia is now facing months of delays.
Namuna said that the setback is a direct
result of a labor shortage that was
triggered by a recent raid uh by US
immigration authorities. Let's bring in
Danny Thomas, our sole bureau editor
who's with us right now to just get us
up to speed on yeah where we are with
this story and yeah this story keeps
giving. Denny, what's the latest here?
So the latest in terms of uh uh the
arrival I think uh in the afternoon uh a
plane carrying about 316 people which
includes 300 of the Hyundai sorry LG
plant workers will arrive in Seoul. So
that's where in terms of the detainees
are and the broader question of how this
is going to impact uh South Korea's
investment going forward there's still a
lot of question marks about what kind of
visas uh US will eventually settle for
which will you know pave the way for
smoother flow of uh workers into US
because that's pretty critical for any
of these investments to follow and
that's where things are uh getting a bit
heated now we don't know yet whether
there will be a special category of
visas that will uh accelerate the inflow
of of of the uh employees into US.
That's what U South Korea wants and
that's the that's kind of the hope
solution they're hoping for.
>> And we did hear from the president Li
Jun talking a little bit more about
these US investments made by Korean
companies and you know specifically you
know is that all in doubt now given the
situation in Hyundai let's take a
listen.
To be honest, it's baffling. But I think
this also reflects some cultural
differences between South Korea and the
United States. This could probably have
a significant impact on future direct
investments in the US. Therefore, we are
negotiating with the US to ensure that
visa issuance related to such
investments is handled properly, whether
by securing more visas or creating new
types.
And Denny, there was another great story
on the terminal that talked about the
ongoing friction that was already
happening before this raid between
>> locals uh you know that felt left out.
>> You know, what does it tell us about
what's to come? Are the economic
ramifications just just beginning here?
>> Yeah. So I think some of the locals as
the story quoted were not very happy
with the fact that most of the jobs are
going to South Koreans and there is a
there is a bit of element of that and if
you listen to the CNBC interview that
commerce secretary Lupnik gave he was
also making the point that the fresh new
what US wants is specialists come in you
know do the ground work and then head
out and then leave the longerterm jobs
to uh the locals. So I think that that's
what exactly I think that's what South
Korea companies also want. There isn't
an expectation here that people going
into South into US wants to stay there
for long. They all want to come back.
But I guess the visa category uh which
allows them to do the job that is has to
be done that is pretty critical and if
that's done I think the locals will be
happy to see that they are also getting
the benefits of the big investment boom
that happening. and our story that
rightfully says right now there is a
perception that it's all foreign money
and foreigners benefiting from it and
that has to shift to where the locals
benefit from these investments.
>> All right, Denny, thank you. Denny
Thomas there he joins us from Soul with
the latest when it comes to Hyundai.
Another ongoing story we've been
tracking for you is the FBI has released
more images of the person of interest in
the fatal shooting of conservative
activist Charlie Kirk with a manhunt
still underway. Meanwhile, President
Trump says he will attend Kirk's funeral
plan for next week and plans to
posumously honor him with the country's
highest civilian award.
>> I'm pleased to announce that I will soon
be awarding Charlie Kirk postumously the
Presidential
Medal of Freedom.
>> Let's get the latest now from our senior
reporter Miles Miller joining us from
New York. Miles, I know there was an FBI
sort of briefing earlier. What do we
learn from that, especially when it
comes to the manhunt?
>> Yeah. So, what we learned in this
briefing by the FBI is that there are
new clues as to who this suspect is. Uh
we learned that in the moment after that
suspect fired that shot at Charlie Kirk,
he then took himself uh off the building
by bracing himself, using his palm to
jump off the building. And he really
hurt his leg. You see him limping in the
moments after he jumped from the
building. He darts across a parking lot
and into the woods. And it is in that
wooded area where police found the gun
believed to be used in this incident. We
also saw new photos of this suspect as
you see there. Uh the suspect wearing
that uh distinctive black backpack,
black shirt with an American flag, that
hat with a triangle, Converse sneakers.
They released these new photos all in an
effort that someone who was in the area
may have seen him, may have ring camera
video on their uh houses that that maybe
gives them a better look at this person.
But uh what you know is that this does
look like there was a bit of
pre-planning that happened here to be
able to judge where the the event would
be set up on the mall there of the
school. uh to be able to fire a shot
about 200 yards away uh and hit Charlie
Kirk. All of it shows a level of
planning that investigators are trying
to figure out who this person is. Uh the
bulk of the investigation right now is
focused on the forensic evidence as
well. Uh using that palm print, using
any footprints, using any of the
fingerprints that may be on those
bullets, those cartridges that they
found at the scene.
Miles David here we also understand
separately but certainly related to the
story is that the state of Utah will be
pursuing the death penalty here. What
what what do we know exactly?
>> Yeah. So in cases like this uh depending
on if it goes federal or local you know
these jurisdictions have the ability to
decide whether they want to do the death
penalty or not. In this instance, the
governor here in Utah saying that uh he
wants to pursue the death penalty. If
this case does go federal, right now
it's being led by Utah, but if it does
go federal, the feds have the ability to
do that as well. They see this as a
political assassination. The governor
came out yesterday to say that, and he
was echoed by everybody in federal
government as well. And so that's the
lane that they're going to be taking.
Another interesting thing that was said
during the press conference that I think
um certainly is is interesting
especially for uh for viewers of this
show is that uh they believe that u that
um that foreign governments whether it
be China, whether it be Russia um are
using this incident um to spark uh fear
in Americans and also to uh use this
incident to um get Americans to um
attack one another whether verbally or
physically. Uh the governor saying that
he wanted everybody to just speak to
their families, you know, take some time
offline because some of the rhetoric
online is truly hateful.
>> Miles, thank you so much uh for staying
up as well. Miles Miller there in in New
York for us and you can get really more
context on sort of the broader picture
here. In fact, our folks at um uh
Bloomberg Geo Economic and the analysis
and the team there and the analysis does
show, of course, when you look at this
graphic here. So, the violence measured
by the number of assassination attempts
involving politicians is now at a record
high according to the numbers that we've
seen here.
>> Yeah. Well, President Trump himself
faced two
>> Yeah.
>> uh assassination attempts last year as
well. Uh and it really brings us to
overall our focus to protests which
somehat similar also recently rocked
parts of Asia when you talk about Nepal
what's going on there Indonesia youth
demonstrations are now showing growing
dissatisfaction with corruption and the
rising cost of living
>> yeah Nepali prime minister uh KP Sharma
Ooli resigned earlier this week after
two days of and you might have seen some
of the pictures on social media like
really intense protests over a sweeping
social media ban. Certainly, local
reports at least 30 people were killed
and the ban has since uh been scrapped
here, Ivon.
>> Yeah. Indonesia has witnessed similar
scenes as well. Outrage there erupted
late last month after lawmakers were
awarded lavish housing allowances nearly
10 times the monthly minimum wage and
that unrest culminated in the removal of
Indonesian Finance Minister Shri Moyani
Idraati. Let's bring in Karishma
Vaswani, our Bloomberg opinion
columnist. U and she says that for any
lasting political change, the rage and
the anger of the youth, Karishma must be
channeled into reform. We've heard that
before. She joins us from Singapore
right now. Karishma, why is why is this
generation getting quite upset at this
point?
Yeah, David, I mean, you know, to put a
question back to you, why wouldn't they
look at the uh environment that they are
facing right now? Slowing economies, a
lack of jobs across the region. I think
it was really striking that in the two
most recent instances of Nepal and
Indonesia. Although in Nepal, it was the
the immediate catalyst behind the
protests was that social media ban that
you were talking about. But at the root
of both of these instances of genuine
frustration is a feeling amongst young
people that their lives are not going to
be as good as the people that went
before them, their parents. Also the
fact that the system is rigged. Uh
that's the sense a lot of people have
that even when you want to try and get a
job in these countries where there are
very high unemployment rates in
particular for the youth that it's a
corrupt environment and that unless you
are connected in some way to the
political elite you are not going to do
well in life and then on top of that to
have to face in Indonesia for instance
you know images on social media and
national media of parliamentarians
receiving lavish housing allowances is
dancing in parliament. In fact, when
they received them, it feels like a real
slap in the face, doesn't it? And I
think that's what speaks to the level of
anger and frustration that you see on
the streets across Asia in the last few
weeks.
>> Yeah. You mentioned in your column,
Jenzi protesters really challenging the
old guard here in the region. In terms
of this generation, then what what do
you think unites them, Karishma?
Yeah, you know, Ivon, I think this is
really interesting and when you look at
the scale of these protests and not just
these, but in the last couple of years,
we've seen them in Bangladesh, right,
and Sri Lanka as well. And it really
does feel like there is a sort of
movement building about toppling the old
guard, getting rid of the corrupt elite
in the views of many young people uh in
Asia and trying to put in place
something fresh and something new. And I
think that's what does unite these young
people at the core of these protests.
And as I go on to explain in my column
that when you see this kind of
frustration out on the streets, you
know, it can get quite addictive
protesting as we've seen in the Arab
Spring for instance before and and and
my big concern for these and many of
them very genuine frustrations on the
ground, well-intentioned protesters, is
that these protests won't come to
anything. You know, we've seen instances
of this before. For example, in Sri
Lanka when you had those massive
protests as a result of overwhelming
frustration because because of the
economic breakdown there. We did see the
prime minister removed but then sorry
the leader of the country removed rather
I should say but then very quickly after
that another discredited corrupt elite
back in power with only uh elections
coming into place you know not too long
ago that then saw a new generation of
leadership uh style coming uh to bear
and I think that's the key thing that
these protesters need to keep in mind
that for real change to happen they have
to move the protests off the streets and
into the holes of power.
>> And that takes us into this fairly
loaded question which I imagine we won't
have time to answer, but help us
understand the path to solutions here.
>> Yeah. Well, you know, I I have tried to
argue this in my column and one of the
things that I think is really missing uh
David in some of these protests is that
Zorab Mamdani character, right? you
know, he has sort of swept and
galvanized young people in New York. He
speaks directly to their issues, things
like rent freezes, universal child care,
you know, free bus rides. Now, some of
this obviously unrealistic or I think
certainly demands a bit more thought and
work, but he is helping to channel
frustration into agency and optimism.
And that is what you need. You know,
when I look back to 1998 in Indonesia,
as we've discussed before, I witnessed
uh that country where I grew up, go from
dictatorship to democracy. Huge hopes
for the reformation, the Reformationi
movement. And yet today, we're seeing
many of those same issues come to bear.
For protests to really have meaningful
change, they have to turn into policy.
>> Karishma, thank you. Kershma Vaswani
there, our Bloomberg opinion columnist
in Singapore for us. Just to note uh
some news coming through as well. The
fairly large Chinese gold producer Zuzin
Mining has gotten approval out of the
exchange here uh to go ahead with this 3
billion dollar IPO. That's according to
IFR. It's also worth pointing out, I'm
just looking at my charts here, that the
company's market cap because of the
rally in gold prices this year is now
almost at$undred billion dollar. Plenty
more ahead.
All right. Uh there's plenty to look
ahead to as well, not just when it comes
to Alibaba, but next week, right, when
you have one of the two biggest central
banks set to meet there. So Fed, of
course, that's the big one on Wednesday.
And then following that to end wrapped
up the week is going to be the BOJ
expected to hold there, but the Fed
largely expected that they're going to
make it through that 25 basis point cut
as well. And then yeah, to start things
off, we got a data dump as well from
China.
>> Yeah, that that's all coming through.
And I mean, I'm almost dreading next
week's coverage because I'm going to try
and limit myself from talking about the
Fed and that's going to be very
difficult.
>> It's going to be very difficult.
>> Yeah. Well, I that's something for our
viewers to look forward to as well and
how Ivon and I are able to navigate that
navigate the tricky the tricky
conversation.
>> These Chinese markets continue to go,
but that is also somewhat fed related.
>> You
okay, why don't we talk about AI? Okay,
this this is something that might be
somewhat separate because that's
actually something that is continuing
with BU now 10% Alibaba is looking at 6%
152 right now on the stock price and
actually you know what so 10 cent hit a
record high a few years back at just
over 700 so I know we're probably a good
few weeks away from hitting that as well
so just keep that in mind hanging index
is this 26,000 uh 63 up 24 down two
unchanged I'll leave you to look at
possibly a record high on the MC Asia
Pacific We're very close. We could get
there in the next few hours. That's it
from us, though. We'll see you all on
Monday.